Benefits of colleges can be reaped from an associate’s degree from a community college. 
In addition, students can start at community colleges or do intense scholarship searches. 
There are families that didn’t have to touch their college savings accounts because they 
coordinated the scholarship search from early on. Parents of high schoolers need to talk 
to their child’s high school counselor about college funding options beginning in freshman 
year. While most scholarship applications aren’t available that early, students ill get an 
idea of what they need to do academically and in the community ot earn scholarship dollars.

why college??
Going to college is not for everyone, but it is an option that every student should consider.
Why? ...because there are so many types of colleges and college level programs available ....
opportunities that will suit nearly every need or interest and the various talents and abilities 
found among individual high school students. A good education is beneficial from many different 
viewpoints, and while the importance of a college education is quite evident for many high school 
students, what is often not as clear is how they will pay for that education. 


Scholarship Liniks

1. Zinch.com

Zinch is a college students one-stop-shop for scholarships that are creative, easy and fun to apply for and win. To apply for scholarships via Zinch, you’ll have to create a username and profile that will help the site find scholarships that are specifically relevant to you! One of Zinch’s most popular awards is the Weekly Three Sentence Essay Scholarship, where applicants must generate a 280-character essay (that’s only two tweets!) while vying for $1,000 of cold, hard cash.

Visit Zinch.com for more scholarships.

2. Fastweb.com

Fastweb is another terrific, free resource where you’ll find thousands of scholarships at your fingertips. Not only does Fastweb offer a massive database of monetary awards, but it also features helpful career planning services and learning tools for its registered users! One of Fastweb’s most recently featured scholarships is the “Natural Disaster” PSA Video Contest, a $3,000 scholarship offered to creative undergrads with an eye for cinematography and knowledge of the consequences of natural disasters.

Visit Fastweb.com for more scholarships.

3. ScholarshipPoints.com

You know how you always seem to receive a new, complimentary gift after so many purchases at that favorite beauty counter of yours? ScholarshipPoints works the same way! Well, kind of. The site’s users rack up points through a rewards system, making them eligible for different scholarships according to how many points they have earned. Members can earn points through fun, day-to-day activities like reading blogs, taking quizzes and playing online games. ScholarshipPoints offers a rolling, monthly $1,000 for its members and a quarterly $10,000 scholarship . Join today and start earning your points!

Visit ScholarshipPoints.com for more scholarships.

4. Cappex.com

You may remember being advised by your high school guidance counselor to make a Cappex account to help narrow down your college search, but don’t delete that online profile just yet! The site is still helpful during our undergrad years, offering ample scholarship opportunities and financial advice. Once we’re undergrads, Cappex graciously bumps us up to “College Pro” status, where we’ll be eligible to apply for a $2,500 College Pro exclusive scholarship! Don’t wait, and check out all of the fine print of the Cappex College Pro scholarship today.

Visit Cappex for more scholarships.

5. Scholarships.com

A no-brainer of a URL, are we right? Scholarships.com is a wonderful resource for college students who aspire to kill two birds with one stone—the site finds both scholarships and colleges that are perfect for you! If you’re looking to transfer to a school that is dying to recruit you and offer you scholarships, this is the site to visit. The site allows you to pinpoint specific scholarships by your major, year in school and location, increasing your chances for receiving awards and saving you tons of time. For meticulous proofreaders and aspiring editors, you may want to check out the Proof-Reading.com Scholarship Program featured on Scholarships.com! Although an essay is required, the $1,500 you could earn is definitely worth the time spent behind the keyboard.

Visit Scholarships.com for more scholarships.
